DOCS-1398: Remove ODrive page (#2299)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/movement-sensor/wheeled-odometry.md

To prepare your robot, attach [encoders](/components/encoder/) to each of the position-reporting motors on your base to measure their rotation.

> - Select motors that can report their own position, like an encoded [`roboclaw`](/components/motor/roboclaw/) or [`gpio` motors](/components/motor/gpio/) with [encoders](/components/encoder/#supported-models), or the [`odrive` module](https://app.viam.com/module/viam/odrive).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select motors that can report their own position, like an encoded [`roboclaw`](/components/motor/roboclaw/) or [`gpio` motors](/components/motor/gpio/) with [encoders](/components/encoder/#supported-models), or the [`odrive` module](https://github.com/viamrobotics/odrive).
```
